README.md, before:

# CocoaOneP

CocoaOneP is a bindings library for the Exosite One Platform.

[![Version](http://cocoapod-badges.herokuapp.com/v/CocoaOneP/badge.png)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/CocoaOneP)
[![Platform](http://cocoapod-badges.herokuapp.com/p/CocoaOneP/badge.png)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/CocoaOneP)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/exosite-labs/cocoaonep.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/exosite-labs/cocoaonep)

The complete [Exosite One Platform API](https://github.com/exosite/docs) covers a lot of
ground.  This set of bindings only covers the following lower-level APIs:
- HTTP Data Interface API
- Remote Procedure Call API
- Portals API (<small>Partial support, this API is in high flux currently</small>)

This is still a beta release.  The HTTP Data Interface API and Remote Procedure Call API are
considered complete, while the Portals API is in flux (because the underlying REST API is still
beta.)

You need to be at least partially familar with the low-level APIs to use this library well.

## Usage

To run the example project; clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Project directory first.

For simple interactions with One Platform, use the HTTP Data Interface.  Create a
`EXOHttpClient` for each device client, and then use the `readAliases:complete:` and
`writeAliases:complete:`.  Using the HTTP Data Interface assumes that the clients in One
Platform have been completely setup.

For more complex interactions, use the Remote Procedure Call API.  Create an `EXORpc`, build up
an array of requests, and send them with `doRPCwithAuth:requests::complete:`.

We are in the progress of adding appledoc to all the headers.


## Requirements

CocoaOneP requires Xcode 5, targeting either iOS 7.0 and above, or Mac OS 10.8 Mountain Lion.
It also depends on [AFNetworking 2.2](https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking).

## Installation with CocoaPods

CocoaOneP is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org), to install
it simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod "CocoaOneP"
```

If you don't want or need everything, you can install each of the API groups as submodules.
For example, if all you need is the RPC API:

```ruby
pod "CocoaOneP/RPC"
```


## License

License is BSD, Copyright 2014, Exosite LLC. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

Dropped the HTTP Data API support.
The RPC API is richer, has better error responses, and is better debugged

README.md, after:

# CocoaOneP

CocoaOneP is a bindings library for the Exosite One Platform.

[![Version](http://cocoapod-badges.herokuapp.com/v/CocoaOneP/badge.png)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/CocoaOneP)
[![Platform](http://cocoapod-badges.herokuapp.com/p/CocoaOneP/badge.png)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/CocoaOneP)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/exosite-labs/cocoaonep.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/exosite-labs/cocoaonep)

The complete [Exosite One Platform API](https://github.com/exosite/docs) covers a lot of
ground.  This set of bindings only covers the following lower-level APIs:
- Remote Procedure Call API
- Portals API (<small>Partial support, this API is in high flux currently</small>)

This is still a beta release.  The Remote Procedure Call API is
considered complete, while the Portals API is in flux (because the underlying REST API is still
beta.)

You need to be at least partially familar with the low-level APIs to use this library well.

## Usage

To run the example project; clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Project directory first.

More examples are needed badly, I know. Help.

We are in the progress of adding appledoc to all the headers.


## Requirements

CocoaOneP requires Xcode 5, targeting either iOS 7.0 and above, or Mac OS 10.8 Mountain Lion.
It also depends on [AFNetworking 2.2](https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking).

## Installation with CocoaPods

CocoaOneP is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org), to install
it simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod "CocoaOneP"
```

If you don't want or need everything, you can install each of the API groups as submodules.
For example, if all you need is the RPC API:

```ruby
pod "CocoaOneP/RPC"
```


## License

License is BSD, Copyright 2014, Exosite LLC. See the LICENSE file for more info.
